god release 0.01

		1. Short intro

This is open-source build system for building user-space applications.  Full
source code is included, and it has been used to build itself (quite an
achivement tbh).  There is cross-compilation, few compilers, notably both clang
and gcc and windres generation.  You need make, clang and ar to compile it, but
sadly it can't be ran on windows as it has quite a lot of hardcoded stuff which
I tried to fix but failed.

As the version number (0.01) suggests it is just a thing for a single project
which may not be used in others.  It only supports a small subset of compilers
and runners, so don't expect it to compile whole linux kernel, but a game can
be compiled easily.

Software you need to run god:
	- linux (wsl also works)
	- clang
	- gcc/g++ (mingw version for windows)
	- ar

x86_64 is hardcoded as I don't develop stuff on other achitecture. If somebody
is willing to port the runner and build system on other architecture you are
allowed to. If you get it running on windows without wsl do pull request as fast
as possible.
		2. License

Copyright 2025 kotofyt

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this 
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or 
other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS” AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.